README.md, before:

# Magicseaweed CLI

Check surf forecasts from [Magicseaweed](https://magicseaweed.com/) in your terminal.

## Installation

```console
$ gem install magicseaweed
Successfully installed magicseaweed-0.1.0
```

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at [https://github.com/papa-whisky/magicseaweed](https://github.com/papa-whisky/magicseaweed).

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Release 0.1.0 (#1)
* CircleCI config

* Set up basic CLI with Thor

* API Client

* Set up WebMock to stub HTTP calls from specs

* Specs for APIClient

* Use top level let(described_class) in all specs

* Handle single or array of fields in APIClient

* Exclude spec files from rubocop block length check

* Use pry to debug specs

* Require json for api client

* Print simple forecast from CLI

* Parse forecast response and print basic star ratings

* Use test doubles in specs

* Forecast specs

* Update Readme

* Specify required fields as symbols

* Refactor api client to use `then`

* Add badges to readme

README.md, after:

# Magicseaweed CLI · [![License](https://badgen.net/badge/license/MIT/blue)](https://github.com/papa-whisky/magicseaweed/blob/master/LICENSE.txt) [![RubyGems](https://badgen.net/rubygems/v/magicseaweed)](https://rubygems.org/gems/magicseaweed) [![CircleCI](https://badgen.net/circleci/github/papa-whisky/magicseaweed/master)](https://circleci.com/gh/papa-whisky/magicseaweed/tree/master)

[![Powered by Magicseaweed](https://im-1-uk.msw.ms/msw_powered_by.png)](https://magicseaweed.com)

Check surf forecasts from [Magicseaweed](https://magicseaweed.com) in your terminal.

## Requirements

- [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en) ~> 2.6

(I'm sure it will run in many earlier versions as well, but haven't tested.)

## Installation

```console
$ gem install magicseaweed
Successfully installed magicseaweed-0.1.0
```

## Usage

To view a basic star-rating forecast for a given spot for the next five days:

```console
$ magicseaweed API_KEY SPOT_ID
Spot: SPOT_ID
Forecast:
Thu: ***, Fri: **, Sat: **, Sun: **, Mon:
```

To get an API key you'll need to contact Magicseaweed, there's more info on their [developer page](https://magicseaweed.com/developer/api).

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at [https://github.com/papa-whisky/magicseaweed](https://github.com/papa-whisky/magicseaweed).

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
